```
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ ● ● ●                            tux@atl ~                                   │
├──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ $ cat allthingslinux.txt                                                     │
│                           About Our Organization                             │
│                                                                              │
│  Fostering a vibrant community of Linux enthusiasts through                  │
│  education, collaboration, and support.                                      │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```
###~/Our Community
We are a diverse community of over 7,500 Linux enthusiasts, passionate about advancing technology and sharing knowledge. Our organization is dedicated to promoting the spirit and growth of Linux through collaboration and innovation.

###~/Our Values
At the core of All Things Linux is our commitment to inclusivity and diversity. Our code of conduct ensures everyone feels welcome, regardless of background or skill level. We value different perspectives and foster a supportive environment for learning and growth

###~/Our Mission
We develop tools, create self-hosted projects, and curate educational resources that enrich the Linux ecosystem. Through these efforts, we aim to enhance user experiences and make Linux more accessible to newcomers.

###~/Our Future
As a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, we prioritize transparency and community-driven decisions. Our ongoing development includes Discord bots, wikis, and self-hosted tools. Join us as we explore possibilities and contribute to the future of open-source technology.

## Our Values
* Community
  We connect over 5,000 Linux enthusiasts through collaboration and knowledge sharing. Our regular events allow members to demonstrate their skills, with prizes enhancing a spirit of friendly competition.
  
* Mutual Respect
  Mutual respect is key as outlined in our Code of Conduct, stressing the importance of treating everyone with kindness and consideration, free from discrimination.
  
* Inclusivity
  We are committed to creating an environment where all members, irrespective of their background, differences, or skills, feel welcomed and empowered to engage in meaningful discussions.
  
* Collaboration
  Our community thrives on collaboration, fostering creative teamwork and open-source contributions. We engage in collaborative projects including our wiki, Discord bot, and self-hosted tools.
  
* Support
  We offer a dedicated space for members to seek help and guidance, with experienced users actively responding in our support forums. We aim to cultivate a culture of understanding.
  
* Education
  Learning and growth are our priorities. We encourage members to share their knowledge, resources, and insights, particularly in our support forums and educational channels.
  
* Integrity
  Accountability and honesty are essential to our community, with both staff and members encouraged to acknowledge and learn from their mistakes. Our commitment to integrity sets us apart.
  
* Transparency
  Openness in community operations is vital, including accessible moderation logs, transparent spending, and regular community decision voting. We believe that transparency fosters trust.
  
* Code of Conduct
  Our Code of Conduct outlines the standards for interaction in our community. Please read our guidelines to understand your role in upholding our community values.
