```
      ___                               
     /  /\          ___                 
    /  /::\        /  /\                
   /  /:/\:\      /  /:/    ___     ___ 
  /  /:/~/::\    /  /:/    /__/\   /  /\
 /__/:/ /:/\:\  /  /::\    \  \:\ /  /:/
 \  \:\/:/__\/ /__/:/\:\    \  \:\  /:/ 
  \  \::/      \__\/  \:\    \  \:\/:/  
   \  \:\           \  \:\    \  \::/   
    \  \:\           \__\/     \__\/    
     \__\/                              
```
# Let's build the future of Linux together
## All Things Linux is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization with a mission to empower the Linux ecosystem through education, collaboration, and support.

=> https://discord.gg/linux All Things Linux Discord
Join our server to make new friends, share your knowledge and learn.
=> gemini://allthingslinux.org/about.gmi About ATL

## See what our members are saying

Join our growing community of Linux enthusiasts to discover what they love about being part of our network.

* Jensen: "This is awesome, actually. I've learned a ton and met some of the best people here."
* Elena: "Friendly, helpful, diverse, and dedicated community. Highly recommend!"
* Theo: "The best place to connect with fellow enthusiasts and professionals."
* Fin: "The sense of community here is honestly irreplaceable."

## Explore our ecosystem

As our organization grows, we continue to develop new and exciting projects through community collaboration.

=> https://atl.wiki ATL Wiki
=> https://discord.gg/linux ATL Discord
=> https://atl.tools ATL Tools
=> https://atl.dev ATL Dev
=> https://atl.chat ATL Chats
=> https://tux.atl.tools/ Tux

## Our community by the numbers

* 5.5M+ messages
* 7.5K+ members
* 40K+ voice hours
* 30+ staff members
* 600+ support threads
* 6+ projects

## Support our Community

All Things Linux is a community-driven project. Your donations help maintain services and infrastructure.

=> https://opencollective.com/allthingslinux

---

=> https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/97069484/full-legal Privacy Policy
=> https://www.iubenda.com/terms-and-conditions/97069484 Terms and Conditions
=> https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/97069484/cookie-policy Cookie Policy
© 2025 All Things Linux - All Rights Reserved
